(C) Copyright 2021 - ... Muhammad Faran Aiki
(C) Copyright ... ........

Faran License Version 1.0.
Made by Muhammad Faran Aiki in 19/07/2021 W.I.B. (19-07-2021 in Indonesia) and first released in ....

License Identity
	Derived name:	...
	Author:			...
	
	Derived from:	...
	Author:			...
	
Program Identity
	Owner:			...
	
	Name:			...
	Date:			...
	
	Type:			...

Preamble
	You may copy, distribute, and redistribute this license without asking permission;
		however, you need to fill the format of the license correctly if the program is different,
		meaning you must change the program identity.
	
	You may edit, modify, change, or remove some parts of this license
		if the owner of this license allows,
		and the modified version must follow the standard formatting.
	
	You cannot fake, scam, or fraud
		the license identity or the program identity.
	
	There is an exception for the second point which can be seen in the first point;
		you do not need permission to change the program identity.
		
	If you feel confused, read the definition;
		this is not rocket-science or reverse-engineering.

Formatting
	The formatting itself is not ambiguous, and it is not permitted to be ambiguous.
	
	Formatting is on top of this license, labeled as "License Identity" and "Program Identity".

Affirmation
	Work that uses this license is not considered free work or open-source work.
	
	It is not a black and white situation;
		therefore, the work is not considered as a closed-source work; rather,
		the work is considered as a "LFNSPC" work which is an acronym to
		Literally Free, No Selling, Public Code.

Definition
	"License"		is defined as this file that contains definition, terms and conditions, and some data;
	"Work"			is defined as program, artwork (such as drawing and music), object, file, or document that the owner made;
	"Derived Work"	is defined as work whose heavily inspired near plagiarism, distributed, use some parts of, reverse-engineered, or on the effect of the work that uses this license;
	
	"Subject"		is defined as the person, developer, artist, community, company, entity, subject, object, robot, data, or intelligence;
	"Owner"			is defined as the subject that is associated with making the work and owns some or all the code;
	"User"			is defined as the subject that uses the work whose owner made, some of it or all of it;
	
	"Source"		is defined as the human-readable file from the source code, source file, of the work or the derived work;
	
	A singular pronoun, subject, or object can be interpreted as a plural one, but not vice versa. Even though there are some people that can read "binary" code, it is not considered as the source code.
		the owner is the same as owners;
		users is not the same as the user.

Terms and Conditions
	0. Freedom and Liberal
		This license does not support the idea of free, in terms of free speech, because
			free does not necessarily mean good;
			hence, the work that uses this program is not called a free program neither or open-source.
			
		The exact reason why this license prohibits such a freedom is because
			it can contradict the point of freedom itself.
			
		This license wants to provide a good outcome and defined behavior,
			whereas freedom can be considered undefined behavior.
	1. Responsibility
		This license and the work associated with this license offer no warranty.
		The responsibility is up to the user.
		
		This work may,
			destroys your computer, summons a black hole, rewrite Master Boot Record,
			tracks your Internet Protocol address, kills someone else,
			or others harmful things.
			
		In contrast, the owner must specify what the work will do and will not
			consciously; if somehow the owner did not, try search for the
			source code.
	2. Distributing
		The owner cannot sell the work.
		If one sells, it is a scam, since the point of a free program, specifically a gratis one, is missed.
		
		The user cannot and it is prohibited to sell the derived work or the work.
		If one sells, it violates the license.
		
		This license is considered a copyleft license, meaning
			every derived work must contain this license.
	3. Source
		The work must contain the source itself, but must not be included in the package with an exception
			of publishing the link to the source.
	4. Reverse Engineering
		It is allowed to reverse-engineer this program without asking any permission.
		
		Note, the result of the reverse-engineered program is considered derived work;
			therefore, this license applies to that program.
	5. License In-Development
		You may notice that this license is in fact still on development;
			therefore, any changes will always be applied to this license,
			thus making every software listed here follows.